:
♪ Burning cities
and napalm skies ♪
♪ Fifteen flares ♪
♪ Inside those ocean eyes ♪
Woman:
Hey, so thank you
so much, sir.
♪ Your ocean eyes ♪
♪ No fair ♪
♪ You really know
how to make me cry ♪
♪ When you gimme
those ocean eyes ♪
♪ I'm scared ♪
♪ Never fallen
from quite this high ♪
Renee?
I am so sorry, darling.
No, no. Come in.
It's fine. Yeah,
come in, come in.
My flight was delayed.
Did I wake you?
No.
I texted your mom.
She said you'd be up.
Yeah, I was up.
Okay, great.
Thank you. Perfect.
Sure, sure.
I'll take that.
Okay.
Claudia:
Where is your mom?
Uh, out. I don't know.
Oh, God.
Still hasn't changed, huh?
There's pizza
in the fridge if you want.
Claudia:
Oh, thank you.
I ate on the plane.
Emily:
Okay, good.
And... here's your room.
Claudia:
Wow. Lovely.
There's fresh towels
on the bed
and extra pillows in the closet.
Just take whatever you want.
Claudia:
Thank you so much.
Here. I brought you guys
some gummies.
Oh, thanks.
That's so nice.
You like those, right?
Yeah, thank you.
And a little bottle
for your mom.
Oh, cool.
Thank you.
Wow. You really look
like your dad.
Oh.
Does your mom
tell you that all the time?
Yeah, everyone tells me that.
Okay, well, it's been
a long night, so.
Yeah. Sleep well.
See you tomorrow.
Good night.
Bye.
♪ Those ocean eyes ♪
Emily:
So, you're interviewing
Chloe Sevigny while you're here?
Claudia:
Yeah, I'm supposed to.
Trying to get
a cross-section.
I got lucky with RuPaul
for tomorrow.
Shut up.
Mmm, yeah.
That's... so tight.
I love Drag Race
so much.
Well, yeah.
I saw Sasha perform
like a week ago.
Does Renee get to do
RuPaul's makeup?
Well, I'm sure
she would love to,
but RuPaul has
his own people for that.
But I'm interviewing your mom.
You want to help me with that?
My mom? Pass.
Yeah.
She's got a lot
of good stories.
Yeah. She fucked like
half of the East Village
in the '90s.
Well...
Those are her words,
not mine.
Your mom was
a very outgoing person.
Yeah, so I've heard.
Renee: Sorry. Sorry.
I'm home! I'm here!
Here she is.
Oh my God! Hi!
Oh my God!
Claudia: Look at you.
I am so sorry that I wasn't
here when you got here.
I will tell you more
about that later.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Thank you.
Big girl.
I got you black
and white cookies
Thanks.
Your favorite.
They're my fave.
Happy birthday, love.
Thank you.
Oh, hey, they said
that your gift is still
out for delivery,
so it might not
get there till Monday...
All right. Okay.
...but, I mean, it might get
here today. We'll see.
I'll give you
the tracking number.
That's fine.
I'm sorry. Hey.
Emily: That's okay.
Renee:
Fuck. You okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
Much better
now that I'm here.
Did you do this, Claud?
Of course you did.
Yes.
This is some Euro shit
right here.
Stinky cheese,
fruit.
I couldn't sleep,
so I just--
yeah.
Take a nap.
Now. We can talk later.
I'm gonna fucking
take a nap.
Yeah.
Mom, Renee, don't forget
to call tonight.
Remember?
Yeah, I'll call.
Don't worry about it.
That's my jacket.
♪ ♪
Woman:
Abdullah was very, um...
Professional?
Yes.
Very courteous.
Woman:
Great snacks.
But not you.
I'm chuffed
to have you back.
"Chuffed"?
Chuffed.
Yes, we're all chuffed.
What do you mean,
"chuffed"?
I believe it's
the English word
for "stoked."
Sounds like "chafed."
It's the opposite
of "chafed."
Yeah.
Man:
Chuffed.
Chuffed stuff, man.
We're... stuffed
to the chuffs.
♪ ♪
♪ Just folded up ♪
Woman:
You put the loose weed
into the teabag,
and then you put the teabag
into a coffee container.
It hides the smell.
There's a way
easier way to do this.
You can fly with a vape pen.
He's gonna be here
in two minutes.
Can you just give us
$300 worth of things
that we can try?
What about the caramels?
Can I take Ambien, alcohol,
and then a caramel?
Yes.
Great.
♪ It was a full court press ♪
♪ In the evening ♪
♪ You know we believing ♪
The Guy:
What did the left ass cheek
say to the right ass cheek?
I don't know.
If we stick together,
we can stop all this shit.
Nice to see you, man.
Oh my God, I love you.
Hey. Hey, come on.
Who's that guy?
Who's this guy?
♪ Swear I hadn't felt
this way since '85 ♪
You feeling better?
I am feeling better.
You know, the pain has
pretty much subsided,
but I gotta go
to physical therapy,
and I don't like it.
Well, I had to go to
physical therapy for this knee,
and I have to say it helped.
So, I either gotta do an hour
of the most boring exercises
or I gotta be in pain.
Well, I guess
your other option
is deny that it hurts,
pretend everything's cool.
You mean Bernie Sanders
isn't president?
Is that what you mean?
That's kinda
what you mean.
Anyway,
this is really fun.
I gotta go.
Okay. Good to see you.
Nice to see you too.
Take care of that arm.
And take care
of that baby.
Oh, did you pass
your mucus plug yet?
Like, just now.
♪ Scared ♪
Em, enough
with the song already!
You're killing me!
What is it,
like the 20th time today?
This is an accent color.
Hey, can you get that?
I think it's your pot.
Yeah. It's open!
Come in!
The Guy: Hey.
Hi.
How are ya?
Uh, good.
How are you?
I'm-- I'm okay.
Cool. Renee! It's him.
Okay, thank you.
Renee: Hey!
Hey. How are ya?
Good. How's it going?
Oh, you know,
busy Saturday night.
No complaints.
Oh my God, you got
your cast off.
Yeah. The hair
was super coarse
when I took it off.
Let me feel.
It's not coarse
anymore, though.
It's soft.
It doesn't look shriveled
or pruney or anything.
It looks good,
it looks strong.
The Guy: It does look strong.
It doesn't hurt.
Hey.
Hi.
Happy birthday,
my angel.
Mazel tov.
Here's a little gift bag.
Thank you.
Brought some tequila.
It's not mine.
I took it
from my dad's cabinet.
Fabulous.
He has no idea.
I did Venmo him
for it though.
Have you been
drinking already?
Umm... mm-hmm.
Okay.
What's up?
What are you doing?
The Guy:
So, I got all
the same shit. I got--
I don't have--
What kind of edibles
do you have?
Do you want edibles?
I don't know if I do.
Uh, this is caramels,
and these are lollipops.
That's all I got tonight.
Oh yeah,
I do want one. Lollipop.
Yeah, they're pretty strong...
Yeah?
...so don't take
too much. Or do.
So, I'm just gonna take three
of the small ones,
and then whatever she wants.
Honey, what do you want?
Emily:
Uh, Zoe can pick.
I don't know.
Caramels?
Renee: Yes,
caramels, caramels.
Good choice.
Do you want
any particular kind?
I don't know.
Dealer's choice.
All right.
God's Gift.
God's Gift, I'll take that.
Chem Dog. Green Crack.
Green Crack is
pretty tight.
Mmm. It is.
Yeah.
Renee:
All right.
And then you know what?
You should text us
if you wanna join up
with us later.
Okay. Sure.
Maybe. Yeah. Fun.
You should.
All right, sweetie, listen.
I left you some cigarettes
on my dresser so you don't
have to steal them.
Happy birthday.
I love you.
Thanks.
Just get some
Seamless or something.
Go crazy.
It's your birthday!
Okay. Thanks.
♪ ♪
Are they going
to a sex party?
Probably.
Mmm.
Emily:
These are
super cute, guys.
Zoe: This is
actually delicious.
Emily: Wait. What?
Zoe: Adorable. Oh, so cute.
It's a set?
Yeah, it's a set.
Hunter: I like that.
That's really cute.
Zoe: Open mine.
Emily:
Thank you so much.
Nice. Amazing.
Zoe:
I like that.
I smelled this.
I knew what this was
even before.
Is it incense?
Yeah.
Wow. It actually smells
really good.
Ooh, namaste.
Emily: I love it,
I love it, I love it.
Save that for last.
This one's yours, right?
Hunter:
Oral sex candy.
Zoe:
Open it. Open it.
I don't wanna open it.
Zoe: Come on,
open-- open it.
Ella:
Dude!
Emily:
Yeah, or like if I take a lot
of pictures of my meal,
but I don't want
to be that person,
I'll just post them all
on the finsta.
Zoe: People who have
public finstas, they're
like social suicide.
Hunter: No, yeah, never.
I don't believe that
that's your finsta then.
Zoe: You good?
Ella:
Yeah, I'm good.
Is that blood,
though, too?
Zoe:
Um, yeah, that's like
really normal to bleed.
Hunter:
Does it hurt?
Yeah, kinda.
Hunter,
how long did it take you
to bleach your hair?
I think
the first time I did it,
it took the whole
fucking day honestly.
Emily:
Seriously? Did you--
Yeah, that's a trek.
Me and my mom
did it together.
Emily: Oh really?
Yeah. Yeah.
Emily:
That's awesome.
When I bleached my eyebrows,
I feel like--
I feel like
I can do anything now.
You sure?
I feel like I should
bleach my pubes.
Not even to be funny.
Just to actually do it,
and just like own it.
Are you serious?
Let's do it.
I'm so down.
♪ It's fucking burning ♪
Ella:
My skin,
it looks like cement.
It looks like cement.
It looks like cement
is on my face.
You're literally perfect,
and you know it.
Ella: Jonas went
to Planet Fitness
on Saturday,
and Mr. Konforty was
working there.
What?
Yes.
Zoe: What?
Jonas was like,
"Hey, what's up?"
And he was like,
"Yo, Jonas, what's up?
"How's your essay
coming along?
Have a good workout."
Hunter: That's so awkward.
His body has looked
more defined lately.
Dude, I totally--
No, dude.
Dude, what?
Would smash,
100 percent.
No, I mean like maybe-- no, no.
Mr. Konforty?
I would fuck.
♪ Yea, they hate,
but they broke, though ♪
♪ They broke though ♪
♪ And when it's time to pop,
they a no-show ♪
♪ Where they at? ♪
♪ Yea, I'm pretty,
but I'm loco ♪
♪ Loco ♪
♪ The loud got me
moving slo-mo ♪
♪ Shh ♪
♪ Ayo, Tweety,
where the hoes, bro? ♪
♪ Where the hoes bro? ♪
♪ Ayo, Keys,
where the hoes, tho? ♪
♪ Where the hoes tho? ♪
♪ That other nigga,
he a bozo ♪
♪ He a bozo ♪
♪ It's M.A.,
you don't know, hoe? ♪
♪ You don't know hoe? ♪
♪ We got liquor
by the boatload ♪
♪ That Henny ♪
♪ Disrespect the Lyfe,
that's a no-no ♪
♪ That's a no-no ♪
♪ All my niggas
dressed in that rojo♪
♪ Redlyfe ♪
♪ I ride for my guys,
that's the bro code ♪
♪ That's the bro code ♪
♪ Baby gave me head,
that's a low blow ♪
♪ That's a low blow ♪
♪ And she make me weak
when she deepthroat ♪
♪ When she deepthroat ♪
♪ I need a rich bitch
not a cheap hoe ♪
♪ Not a cheap hoe ♪
♪ They be on that hate shit,
I peep tho ♪
♪ Yeah, I peep tho ♪
♪ My brother told me fuck 'em,
get that money sis ♪
♪ Hey, yo, fuck 'em ♪
♪ You just keep on grinding
on ya hungry shit ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Ignore the hating,
ignore the faking, ignore
the funny shit ♪
♪ 'Cause if a nigga violate,
we got a hunnit clips ♪
Ella:
I need to get home.
What's happening?
Come.
So close. Go.
Ella:
Oh my God, guys.
I have to leave.
My dad ordered me an Uber.
I have to go.
Zoe: Why is
everyone going home?
Ella:
I don't know,
but I need to leave.
Dude, thank you...
Zoe:
Nope.
...for this. I love this.
Zoe: Nope.
You wanna try a sip?
No, I'm good.
Emily:
Can I get one next?
Zoe:
Of course.
I'll walk you down.
Okay, I gotta go.
Zoe: No.
I'll walk you.
Thank you.
Good night.
Ella:
Are you--
Let's just...
You need
some help.
Fuck.
I think
I'm gonna throw up.
Drink.
You gotta get up.
You can't stay in here.
Get the fuck up.
♪ Your hands are warm
and heavy with mistake ♪
♪ Why don't you take a picture?
It'll last longer ♪
♪ This isn't a fair game,
you've always been stronger ♪
Hey, darling, sorry.
There's a--
There's a girl in my bed?
Yeah, sorry.
She fell asleep in there.
I couldn't get her to move.
It's okay. I can--
I can sleep on the couch.
No, you can sleep in here,
and I'll just go sleep
with Zoe in there.
No, don't worry.
I can totally sleep
on the couch.
I'll clear it all off.
No, I-- It's not a problem.
Wow.
♪ Every time you see me ♪
♪ I leave you reeling ♪
Is that you?
Uh, which?
That one.
Yeah.
Nice. Did you make
all of that?
Yeah, uh, most of it.
Cool.
Oh, you're smoking.
Do you mind?
Emily: Go for it.
Thanks.
God, what a night.
Your mom...
she hangs out
with some interesting people.
I know. They go hard.
Mmm.
She's crazy.
And I have those interviews
scheduled for tomorrow.
That means Renee does too.
Yeah, she does.
What are you making?
Uh, just sketching.
Nice. Can I see?
Yeah.
♪ ♪
Ooh. Nice.
Drag queens.
Some nice faces.
I love it.
Thank you.
Oh, and you also do like,
uh, dialogs and stuff.
"To have you is to remove
you from the pedestal
of not having you."
Hmm. That's really good.
The anticipation
is so much better
than the actual thing.
But I still always
want the thing.
Ooh. Ah.
How was your party?
It was good. Yeah.
Interesting stuff.
That's-- Those are gifts.
Oh.
Do you want--
Do you want some cake?
Sure.
♪ ♪
Wow. Great.
Do you mind
if I eat this here?
No. Yeah,
I eat in bed
all the time.
I'm disgusting.
You seem
very not disgusting.
Well, people seem
a lot of things, right?
That's true.
How do I seem?
I don't know.
You seem good.
You seem like
you're here,
like you're doing something
that you actually give
a fuck about.
Do you?
I do. Yeah, I give
a big fuck about it.
You should only do things
you give a big fuck about.
Okay.
I will.
Do you have to go back
to Europe for post
or are you staying?
I don't know.
I want to stay.
You should.
But I don't know.
We'll see what
my producers say.
♪ I'm scared ♪
♪ Never fallen
from quite this high ♪
I'm going to sleep
on the couch, love.
No, you should stay.
You should really stay.
No, I mean it. Honestly.
I don't mind. No, I don't want
to take up your own bed.
Just let me--
No, it's really--
Not a big deal.
Stop, stop, stop.
It's so fine.
Please.
♪ A world gone blind ♪
♪ Can't stop thinking ♪
♪ Of your diamond mind ♪
♪ Careful creature ♪
♪ Made friends with time ♪
♪ He left her lonely ♪
♪ With a diamond mind ♪
I'm gonna take
the couch, okay?
Okay.
♪ No fair ♪
Good night.
♪ You really know how
to make me cry ♪
♪ When you gimme
those ocean eyes ♪
Renee:
Yeah, but you
wimped out and left,
so you didn't even see
how bald and fat he got.
Mmm.
Fucking gross.
Claudia:
I don't wanna know. No.
He's busted looking.
Hey, sweetie.
Did you have
a fun night?
Uh, yeah.
It was cool.
Renee:
Good, I'm glad.
We keep talking about
the fucking night.
Claudia: Disgusting.
Renee: I know.
I know, right?
Claudia: Ugh.
Renee: Mmm.
What night?
Um, I don't know.
It was the night we--
I can't-- I don't even know
what it was, like a three-way
or something?
No! Renee, Renee.
Shut up.
Oh.
Are you okay?
Can I get you something?
Renee:
I'm okay.
You sure?
Yeah.
Here, I'll get you
something.
Come on.
Gonna be okay?
I'm fine.
Okay, I'm gonna go
get my shit.
Cool.
Sweetie, I love you.
I'll see you later.
That cake's
so fucking good.
Zoe bring it?
Uh, Ella.
God damn it.
Bye.
(doors opening,
closing)
♪ ♪
♪ Out for a walk ♪
♪ I see the moon
is coming out ♪
♪ I lay back and open my eyes ♪
♪ If you ever wonder
whatever happened to me ♪
♪ You listen to waves take
you away ♪
♪ And then you may wonder what's
happening right here now ♪
♪ You look at the weather,
it's not much better ♪
♪ If you've been missing ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ I've been living it up ♪
♪ Just like you wished I was ♪
♪ Just like you knew I would ♪
♪ If you've been missing ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Living it up ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Just like a fantasy ♪
Oh, put that away, please.
-Hi.
-Hey, baby.
Hey, little acorn, it's me.
-I'm gonna go to sleep.
-No, no, no.
Young man,
will you lend me a hand?
Um, you shouldn't put
these papers here, man.
I hate--
I hate this whole thing.
I hate everything you've done.
♪
-Oh!
Hi, puppy!